feat: Add file chooser support for widget preview initialization. (#8888)
flutter/flutter-intellij: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added the possibility to specify the pub root module for Flutter Widget Previewer. (#8888)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Option to specify the pub root module for Flutter Widget Previewer. (#8888)
```
